# Reflection

In this assignment you've learned very basic HTML and CSS, the content and presentation layers of the web. Take this opportunity to think about how they might relate to your work as a historian.

## Question 1 (150 words)
#### In Part 2, we explored the use of semantic elements such as `<header>`, `<article>`, and `<section>`. These elements make it easier for machines and non-visual browsers to navigate web pages. Why might this be important? (You might want to Google around a bit before answering!)

Inclusion of header, article, and section elements is important for broadening accessibility and easing the process of indexing web content. Whereas information relevant to research (historical/academic or otherwise) can be found on university library websites or services like jstor, information from sources that are digitized but not scholarly is often useful too. As a historian, an ever-growing pool of available information is incredibly important. Allowing machines and non-visual browsers to access the information across different platforms ensures that it becomes available. It leaves the work of identifying and judging validity of a source to the historian, which is an important skill to retain in research procedures. Beyond amassing the available information, those elements will also make the process of searching for particular terms and information easy over the internet. Thus, the act of collecting, indexing, and formatting the data within those elements makes research more accessible, simplified, and effective.

## Question 2 (150 words)
#### In your CSS work, you learned how to change the presentation of material on the web without changing the content. Using a pen and paper, a drawing program, or (if you're feeling ambitious) real HTML and CSS, mock up 2 very different presentations of the information you displayed in your post. Put images of them on the Internet somewhere (but not in this repository) and link to them here. Write a brief paragraph discussing the effect of the presentaiton layer on the reader.

The presentation layout of a webpage is crucial to easing access to the information by various parties. It cannot reasonably be expected that only historians or academics will access historical content. And even if, say, a website were to be only accessed by students, they could still be in an elementary-level history or social studies class. A layout that caters to the needs of the possible users is absolutely necessary. As with writing an article, information must be present. In the case of the page made for this assignment, an historical profile, the name, information, picture, author, and sources must be included. Were one to lay out the content on different pages, it would make navigation more tedious depending on the amount of information. If the page were laid out with all the information organized but on one page, it would be cleaner but run the risk of being overwhelming if there is too much information. A balance must be struck, then, depending on the amount of information and the target audience. My mockups can be found here: <https://imgur.com/a/0FzZF>
